README.md, before:

# BUILDING AN ECOMMERCE 'E-SHOP' USING DJANGO V3
https://github.com/ingafter60/DJANGO-ECOM-RUSSIAN
https://github.com/celikyuksell/Django-E-Commerce
http://mikehillyer.com/articles/managing-hierarchical-data-in-mysql/
## Video 01. - Installation and setup

	> 01.1.1. Initial commit
	> 01.2.2. Creating django project 'mysite' 
	> 01.3.3. Creating django app 'home' 
	> 01.4.4. Register home app to settings

## Video 02. - Templeter

	> 02.1.5. Added and loaded html template to home app

## Video 03. - Database model admin relation category and product image upload

	> 03.1.6. Create django app 'product' and register it to settings 
	> 03.2.7. Setting up MySQL database and createsuperuser
	> 03.3.8. Create product Category model as PARENT AND CHILDREN and register it to product admin
	> 03.4.9. Run migrations to create category table in the db 
	> 03.5.10. Setting up media files in project's settings.py and urls.py
	> 03.6.11. Add category + image, child category + image
	> 03.7.12. Setting up the display for categories and their children in admin panel
	> 03.8.13. Create Product model and migration
	> 03.9.14. Register Produc model in product admin
	> 03.10.15. Add OneToMany relationship between Category model and Product model
	> 03.11.16. Add some items to products
	> 03.12.17. Install django-ckeditor for product descrition field
	> 03.13.18. Register Product model to admin and add fake image field in products table to show image in admin panel

## Video 04. - Gihub

	> 04.1.19. Add git repo to github

## Video 05. - Product Image Gallery

	> 05.1.20. Create table Images and OneTOMany relationship between Product and Images + run migrations
	> 05.2.21. Register Images table to product app admin 
	> 05.3.22. Create a new product with some images
	> 05.4.23. In product admin, create class of ProductImageInline to make a product can have more then one image

## Video 06. - CKeditor

	> 06.1.24. Implemet Richtext Editor Ckeditor

## Video 07. - Setting About and Contact pages

	> 07.1.25. In home app, create Setting model and run migration
	> 07.2.26. Register Setting model to home admin.py and fill in the setting form in admn panel
	> 07.3.27. In navbar, create About us and Contact and create routes and display views using HttpResponse
	> 07.4.28. Load setting information from db to homepage 
	> 07.5.29. Load setting information from db to about page
	> 07.6.30. Load setting information from db to contact page
	> 07.7.31. Modified contact page without loading information from db

	> Modified README.md file

## Video 08. - Contact Us Form and Messages

	> 08.1.32. Create ContactMessage model/table and run migration
		modified:   README.md
        modified:   home/__pycache__/models.cpython-38.pyc
        new file:   home/migrations/0002_contactmessage.py
        new file:   home/migrations/__pycache__/0002_contactmessage.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/models.py
        mysql> desc home_contactmessage;
		+-----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
		| Field     | Type         | Null | Key | Default | Extra          |
		+-----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
		| id        | int(11)      | NO   | PRI | NULL    | auto_increment |
		| name      | varchar(20)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| email     | varchar(50)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| subject   | varchar(50)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| message   | longtext     | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| status    | varchar(10)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| ip        | varchar(20)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| note      | varchar(100) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| create_at | datetime(6)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| update_at | datetime(6)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		+-----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
	> 08.1.33. Added form tags to contactus.html
		modified:   README.md
        modified:   home/templates/contactus.html
	> 08.1.34. Replacing the html form by using Django Form
	modified:   README.md
        modified:   home/__pycache__/models.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/__pycache__/views.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/models.py
        modified:   home/templates/contactus.html
        modified:   home/views.py
	> 08.1.35. Setting up for customer to send messages to admin and make admin to mark the message's status
		modified:   home/__pycache__/admin.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/__pycache__/views.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/admin.py
        modified:   home/templates/contactus.html
        modified:   home/views.py

## Video 09. Category Tree Subcategory menu

	> 09.1.36. Install django-mptt and register it to settings
        modified:   README.md
        modified:   mysite/__pycache__/settings.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   mysite/settings.py
	> 09.2.37. Setup the mptt after the installion based on its installion guide
		https://django-mptt.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html
        modified:   README.md
        modified:   mysite/__pycache__/settings.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   product/__pycache__/models.cpython-38.pyc
        new file:   product/migrations/0004_auto_20201021_0919.py
        new file:   product/migrations/__pycache__/0004_auto_20201021_0919.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   product/models.py		
    > 09.3.38. Category tables: befor and after adding mptt   
		mysql> desc product_category;                                                
		+-------------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+       
		| Field       | Type         | Null | Key | Default | Extra          |       
		+-------------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+       
		| id          | int(11)      | NO   | PRI | NULL    | auto_increment |       
		| title       | varchar(30)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| keywords    | varchar(255) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| description | varchar(255) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| image       | varchar(100) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |  <--- without mptt     
		| status      | varchar(10)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| slug        | varchar(50)  | NO   | MUL | NULL    |                |       
		| create_at   | datetime(6)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| update_at   | datetime(6)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| parent_id   | int(11)      | YES  | MUL | NULL    |                |       
		+-------------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+       
		10 rows in set (0.09 sec)                                                    
		                                                                             
		mysql> desc product_category;                                                
		+-------------+------------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+   
		| Field       | Type             | Null | Key | Default | Extra          |   
		+-------------+------------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+   
		| id          | int(11)          | NO   | PRI | NULL    | auto_increment |   
		| title       | varchar(30)      | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| keywords    | varchar(255)     | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| description | varchar(255)     | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   <--- with mptt   
		| image       | varchar(100)     | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| status      | varchar(10)      | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| slug        | varchar(50)      | NO   | MUL | NULL    |                |   
		| create_at   | datetime(6)      | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| update_at   | datetime(6)      | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| parent_id   | int(11)          | YES  | MUL | NULL    |                |   
		| level       | int(10) unsigned | NO   |     | NULL    |                |<-- new table rows after installing mptt   
		| lft         | int(10) unsigned | NO   |     | NULL    |                |<-- new table rows after installing mptt   
		| rght        | int(10) unsigned | NO   |     | NULL    |                |<-- new table rows after installing mptt   
		| tree_id     | int(10) unsigned | NO   | MUL | NULL    |                |<-- new table rows after installing mptt   
		+-------------+------------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+   
		14 rows in set (0.00 sec)                                                    
    > 09.3.38. Modified the categories and products in the admin panel using the django-mptt
        modified:   README.md
        new file:   SQL.sql
        modified:   product/__pycache__/admin.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   product/admin.py
        new file:   uploads/images/Acer_C27_NQ8UdNb.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/Acer_C27_uinfEwB.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/electonic_PN2Nmq0.png
        new file:   uploads/images/electronic-equip-mob_MeyRnQn.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/electronic-equip-mob_NxVRkh9.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/laptop.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/laptop_Tof6e4D.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/samsung_24_T4001_HD_TV_2020_YcANBfv.JPG
        new file:   uploads/images/samsung_24_T4001_HD_TV_2020_rdrVyFL.JPG

Commit message:

09.5.40. Testing: loading items from category table using django mptt to sidebar

README.md, after:

# BUILDING AN ECOMMERCE 'E-SHOP' USING DJANGO V3
https://github.com/ingafter60/DJANGO-ECOM-RUSSIAN
https://github.com/celikyuksell/Django-E-Commerce
http://mikehillyer.com/articles/managing-hierarchical-data-in-mysql/
## Video 01. - Installation and setup

	> 01.1.1. Initial commit
	> 01.2.2. Creating django project 'mysite' 
	> 01.3.3. Creating django app 'home' 
	> 01.4.4. Register home app to settings

## Video 02. - Templeter

	> 02.1.5. Added and loaded html template to home app

## Video 03. - Database model admin relation category and product image upload

	> 03.1.6. Create django app 'product' and register it to settings 
	> 03.2.7. Setting up MySQL database and createsuperuser
	> 03.3.8. Create product Category model as PARENT AND CHILDREN and register it to product admin
	> 03.4.9. Run migrations to create category table in the db 
	> 03.5.10. Setting up media files in project's settings.py and urls.py
	> 03.6.11. Add category + image, child category + image
	> 03.7.12. Setting up the display for categories and their children in admin panel
	> 03.8.13. Create Product model and migration
	> 03.9.14. Register Produc model in product admin
	> 03.10.15. Add OneToMany relationship between Category model and Product model
	> 03.11.16. Add some items to products
	> 03.12.17. Install django-ckeditor for product descrition field
	> 03.13.18. Register Product model to admin and add fake image field in products table to show image in admin panel

## Video 04. - Gihub

	> 04.1.19. Add git repo to github

## Video 05. - Product Image Gallery

	> 05.1.20. Create table Images and OneTOMany relationship between Product and Images + run migrations
	> 05.2.21. Register Images table to product app admin 
	> 05.3.22. Create a new product with some images
	> 05.4.23. In product admin, create class of ProductImageInline to make a product can have more then one image

## Video 06. - CKeditor

	> 06.1.24. Implemet Richtext Editor Ckeditor

## Video 07. - Setting About and Contact pages

	> 07.1.25. In home app, create Setting model and run migration
	> 07.2.26. Register Setting model to home admin.py and fill in the setting form in admn panel
	> 07.3.27. In navbar, create About us and Contact and create routes and display views using HttpResponse
	> 07.4.28. Load setting information from db to homepage 
	> 07.5.29. Load setting information from db to about page
	> 07.6.30. Load setting information from db to contact page
	> 07.7.31. Modified contact page without loading information from db

	> Modified README.md file

## Video 08. - Contact Us Form and Messages

	> 08.1.32. Create ContactMessage model/table and run migration
		modified:   README.md
        modified:   home/__pycache__/models.cpython-38.pyc
        new file:   home/migrations/0002_contactmessage.py
        new file:   home/migrations/__pycache__/0002_contactmessage.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/models.py
        mysql> desc home_contactmessage;
		+-----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
		| Field     | Type         | Null | Key | Default | Extra          |
		+-----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
		| id        | int(11)      | NO   | PRI | NULL    | auto_increment |
		| name      | varchar(20)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| email     | varchar(50)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| subject   | varchar(50)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| message   | longtext     | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| status    | varchar(10)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| ip        | varchar(20)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| note      | varchar(100) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| create_at | datetime(6)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		| update_at | datetime(6)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
		+-----------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+
	> 08.1.33. Added form tags to contactus.html
		modified:   README.md
        modified:   home/templates/contactus.html
	> 08.1.34. Replacing the html form by using Django Form
	modified:   README.md
        modified:   home/__pycache__/models.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/__pycache__/views.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/models.py
        modified:   home/templates/contactus.html
        modified:   home/views.py
	> 08.1.35. Setting up for customer to send messages to admin and make admin to mark the message's status
		modified:   home/__pycache__/admin.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/__pycache__/views.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/admin.py
        modified:   home/templates/contactus.html
        modified:   home/views.py

## Video 09. Category Tree Subcategory menu

	> 09.1.36. Install django-mptt and register it to settings
        modified:   README.md
        modified:   mysite/__pycache__/settings.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   mysite/settings.py
	> 09.2.37. Setup the mptt after the installion based on its installion guide
		https://django-mptt.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html
        modified:   README.md
        modified:   mysite/__pycache__/settings.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   product/__pycache__/models.cpython-38.pyc
        new file:   product/migrations/0004_auto_20201021_0919.py
        new file:   product/migrations/__pycache__/0004_auto_20201021_0919.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   product/models.py		
    > 09.3.38. Category tables: befor and after adding mptt   
		mysql> desc product_category;                                                
		+-------------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+       
		| Field       | Type         | Null | Key | Default | Extra          |       
		+-------------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+       
		| id          | int(11)      | NO   | PRI | NULL    | auto_increment |       
		| title       | varchar(30)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| keywords    | varchar(255) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| description | varchar(255) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| image       | varchar(100) | NO   |     | NULL    |                |  <--- without mptt     
		| status      | varchar(10)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| slug        | varchar(50)  | NO   | MUL | NULL    |                |       
		| create_at   | datetime(6)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| update_at   | datetime(6)  | NO   |     | NULL    |                |       
		| parent_id   | int(11)      | YES  | MUL | NULL    |                |       
		+-------------+--------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+       
		10 rows in set (0.09 sec)                                                    
		                                                                             
		mysql> desc product_category;                                                
		+-------------+------------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+   
		| Field       | Type             | Null | Key | Default | Extra          |   
		+-------------+------------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+   
		| id          | int(11)          | NO   | PRI | NULL    | auto_increment |   
		| title       | varchar(30)      | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| keywords    | varchar(255)     | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| description | varchar(255)     | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   <--- with mptt   
		| image       | varchar(100)     | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| status      | varchar(10)      | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| slug        | varchar(50)      | NO   | MUL | NULL    |                |   
		| create_at   | datetime(6)      | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| update_at   | datetime(6)      | NO   |     | NULL    |                |   
		| parent_id   | int(11)          | YES  | MUL | NULL    |                |   
		| level       | int(10) unsigned | NO   |     | NULL    |                |<-- new table rows after installing mptt   
		| lft         | int(10) unsigned | NO   |     | NULL    |                |<-- new table rows after installing mptt   
		| rght        | int(10) unsigned | NO   |     | NULL    |                |<-- new table rows after installing mptt   
		| tree_id     | int(10) unsigned | NO   | MUL | NULL    |                |<-- new table rows after installing mptt   
		+-------------+------------------+------+-----+---------+----------------+   
		14 rows in set (0.00 sec)                                                    
    > 09.4.38. Modified the categories and products in the admin panel using the django-mptt
        modified:   README.md
        new file:   SQL.sql
        modified:   product/__pycache__/admin.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   product/admin.py
        new file:   uploads/images/Acer_C27_NQ8UdNb.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/Acer_C27_uinfEwB.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/electonic_PN2Nmq0.png
        new file:   uploads/images/electronic-equip-mob_MeyRnQn.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/electronic-equip-mob_NxVRkh9.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/laptop.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/laptop_Tof6e4D.jpg
        new file:   uploads/images/samsung_24_T4001_HD_TV_2020_YcANBfv.JPG
        new file:   uploads/images/samsung_24_T4001_HD_TV_2020_rdrVyFL.JPG
    > 09.5.40. Testing: loading items from category table using django mptt to sidebar
        modified:   README.md
        modified:   home/__pycache__/views.cpython-38.pyc
        modified:   home/templates/sidebar.html
        modified:   home/views.py
